; Enemy arrangement guidelines
; i.   For each enemy, the attribute(elemental attribute) is the same for both classes.
; ii.  For the same enemy, different classes should only pose minor changes to its code, for example walking speed.
;      Fundamentally different enemies should better be split into two enemies, although it may still be feasible if they're treated as two classes of just one type.
; iii. The enemy slot arrangement should be like this (numbers are decimal):
; 0 - 30:  Enemies that are most similar to goombas (they run into walls and turn around, they have gravity imposed,
;          their graphics are all within a 16x32 box, and they are the only enemies that turn around upon hitting each other.)
;          The first few enemies should be variants of SQUISHABLE ENEMIES like goombas. (But not paragoombas: They don't get squished immediately when stomped.)
; 31:      Powerup
; 32 - 63: Enemies that are relatively less similar to goombas (their graphics are within a 16x32 box, bounding boxes are the same,
;          but their behaviour code is not necessarily gravity-based. Note that hammer bros also belong to this category, since they sometimes jump through ground.
;          Enemies in both this and the 0-30 category can be defeated by shells.)
; 64:      Boss
; 65 - 95: Irregular enemies
; 96 - 111: Non-enemies
; 112 - 127: Non-enemies, except that NPCs with triggerable dialogue (when you approach them and press UP) MUST be defined within this range.

Elemental attributes:
N = Normal
H = Harmful when stomped onto, otherwise normal
F = Fiery (Hit by fire = Lv+1, prone to ice; Normally can not be stomped onto)
I = Ice (Hit by ice = Lv+1, prone to fire)
M = Metal (only prone to gunner & hammer)
S = Spiritual (only prone to Mage Mario; Normally can not be stomped onto)
U = Undefeatable except with Cross, or Starman if it does have a bounding box
NE = Not enemy, and thus undefeatable and cannot harm you either. This should only be taken literally: The object ITSELF might not be an enemy, but it may generate an enemy.



Metatile arrangement:
00 - 3F (0-63): Universal
40 - 7F (64-127): Area style related (for example slope related blocks should be in this category)
80 - BF (128-191): BG related
C0 - FF (192-255): Misc, including terrain related blocks and others
Try to make a list based on this(to be exact, 8 lists based on area style, and only functionality is taken into consideration while graphics are another matter). Palettes should be given alongside - Every metatile's palette should be fixed.
The 8 lists should be MetatileList0.txt to MetatileList7.txt

Area styles:
0 - Completely underwater, no unique blocks
1 - Normal w/slopes
2 - Normal w/breakable terrain (i.e. Super Fire can break these terrain blocks and reveal paths, otherwise Super Fire can only break bricks)
3 - (Undecided)
Area types <=3 use complex terrain (all sides). Types below use simple terrain (only unique for up&down)
4 - Normal w/more unique blocks (WHICH? EMB's ! blocks maybe?)
5 - Normal w/cannons (only in this type will cannons be checked whilst refreshing level data)
6 - Slippery & conveyer belt blocks
7 - BG oriented, only for aesthetics, while only the most basic objects are used.
